the best stuff in common welcome back to
another episode of the best stuff in
comics this week this is where we
present to you the other best up besides
the best covers the best story arcs and
the best bathrobes this week's best
reason why Deadpool can walk around the
city in his costume without any hassle
isn't Thunderbolts number 15 so they're
in traffic jam he's like I gotta get out
of here I need to go get some pizza you
expect to be able to walk around New
York City just like that no problem
everyone usually just thinks I'm
spider-man like two times out of ten I
have to fight Hydra man poor guy gets
confused but that's no big deal best
reason why Deadpool is able to walk
around New York City in his costume
without getting hassled this week this
week's best got my eye on you moment is
in swamp thing 23.1 arcane so still a
little gross there's kids but to eat an
apple or whatever and then we see in the
Apple there's an eyeball he's got his
eye on him X his eyes on the Apple but
you get the pump pretty groups best I've
got my eye on you movin this week's best
most awkward moment is a new avengers
number ten so that Illuminati they're
sitting around here talking to trying to
figure out what to do read ask them
what's going on and we seen a more black
panther in silence say hate each other
his name are kind of destroyed what
Conda this is a good reason to hate
someone word best most awkward moment
this week this week's best venom
impersonation isn't just leave America
7.3 shadow thief so we see this
character she's finding out who is she
what she about we see her my shadow skin
has
many fine qualities easy removal isn't
one of them she's ripping it off just
like Toby or Eric form Topher Grace in
Amazing Spider or spider-man 3 when he's
been stripped and rock best venom
impersonation this week this week's best
alternative to fighting is an infinity
number three so you know we learn
instead of resorting to fighting the
fist use your words so when Thanos comes
talks of Black Bolt and says hey what
are you going to do what do you think
about this what does Black Bolt do it
just says no very loudly just say no
best alternative to fighting hugs Metro
this week's best way to lend a helping
hand isn't green lantern 23.3 black hand
so black hand is back he's got like a
bad hand doesn't ordered that that great
I found out a way to get new hands I've
been blessed with certain gifts that
make that simple enough but they were
never the right hand I've tried this
once before but he'll stop me so what is
this newly resurrected zombie person do
that's perfect pretty tough fool he just
here you go here you go best way to lend
a helping hand we can only do it twice
this week's best apology is in Captain
Marvel number 16 so Cairo and
spider-woman Jessica they've been kind
of having some little problems and some
confusion everything so in the middle of
the fight oh really are we starting from
scratch huh everything is about me now
say you're sorry I'm sorry sorry I'm a
badass good enough
Carol's a badass best apology this week
this week's best Harry Potter reference
is in bloodshot and hardcore number 14
so they get this new season you suits
new tech sweet this is some Harry Potter
stuff right here because they're
invisible visibility cloak Harry Potter
what's a best Harry Potter reference
this week and look I have been
invisibility cloak to do this week's
best unintentional Hulk 2099 reference
remember whole 2099 hoping that is in
superior spider-man number 18 so there
is this portal thing that brought
spider-man 2099 into the present kind of
with some help anyways you'll see we'll
save verizon stuff and chemical
everything will work out until a future
Hulk or something pops out of that and
kills us all whole 2099 was just weird
it's big-time best unintentional hope
2099 reference this week's best reason
for telepaths not to go poking around in
MAGIX head isn't uncanny x-men number 12
where'd she go I don't know did any of
you psychics pick up anything off of her
before she bailed yeah you do not go
into her head ever it is dark and scary
like Wolverine scary but more demonic
best reason not to go poking around
Magic's head-injured help out this
week's best possible scientific
breakthroughs comes from Superman number
twenty 3.3 l so this is set and pass we
have General Zod talking to gyro
actually general he's out in general yes
i think is it colonel he's talking in
light of some recent developments a
particular project of mine has taken on
greater significance coming from you
that could mean anything from a
pan-dimensional power source or in
everlasting breath mint best possible
scientific breakthrough breakthroughs
this
this week's best you'll shoot your eye
out moment is in Teen Titans number 23
point to dust stroke sin 3d and sounds
weird so that strokes he's in middle of
fight and an of a sudden there's a
bullet coming one you'll shoot your eye
out and they did they shot his I oh he
did shoot as I own best you'll shoot
your eye out moment rafi this week's
best cosplay references there's two of
them first ones not so good but it's in
superior spider-man number 18 so when
spider-man superior Spider Man and
spider-man 2099 meet what are you
supposed to be the blue sand yet another
spider clone look tell me this isn't
cosplay come on what's wrong with
cosplay second cosplay reference the
better one is it uncanny x-men number 12
so when young Cyclops comes to this
group of x-men we're older side
collapses present-day Cyclops is
confusing his comic books so we see
six-year-old Scott Summers is this like
a cosplay thing or do you are witness to
something unique best cosplay reference
references this week and that is it or
this week special thanks to DJ banco
hace dragon light car keys director for
21 and Josh oh if you would like to
participate you can reply me on Twitter
Jimmu from HEC use a hashtag best stuff
in comics I'll take your suggestions and
consider them and use most of them so
make sure you always look for the best
stuff and be sure to apologize
especially your van ness
I'm sorry